{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  }

# Julianne Corpuz 
linkedin.com/in/julianne-corpuz-5b1280214

# Summary

I am a junior double majoring in Geography Data Science and Real Estate with in depth skills in communication, team building, and mentoring. 


# Education 

Bachelor of Arts | Geography Data Science                                                                     Current                                            
Bachelor of Science | Real Estate                        
University of Washington, Seattle, WA                        
                                                                                                Anticipated Graduation: June 2023

Associate of Arts | Business 	06/2020 
Highline College, Seattle, WA

High School Diploma 	06/2020 
Federal Way High School, Federal Way, WA

# Skills

•	Group and one-on-one tutoring
•	Homework assistance
•	MS Office
•	Organization
•	Verbal and written communication	•	Grammar and spelling instruction
•	Operational improvement
•	Team building
•	Java
•	Mentoring



# Work Experience 

PEER WRITING TUTOR   (Seattle, WA)                                                                  (12/16/2020 – CURRENT)
Odegaard Writing and Research Center | University of Washington 
•	Support writers’ ongoing writing and research development using a non-directive, conversational tutoring approach. 
•	Hold writer-focused, 45-minute one-on-one and group tutoring sessions.
•	Administered feedback to students using positive reinforcement techniques to encourage and build confidence.

PEER WRITING TUTOR   (Bellevue, WA)                                                                  (5/17/2021- CURRENT)
Academic Success Center Writing Lab | Bellevue College 
•	Motivated students towards learning and studying to build self-confidence and reduce anxiety of failure in writing.
•	Spearheaded one-on-one session on their selected tasks such as brainstorming, thesis statements, structure, citation, and grammar.
•	Administered feedback to students using positive reinforcement techniques to encourage and build confidence.
•	Utilized exceptional writing, editing and proofreading skills to produce engaging and error-free content.

PEER WRITING TUTOR   (Des Moines, WA)                                                                (04/2019 to 06/2020)
 Writing Center | Highline College 
•	Motivated students towards learning and studying to build self-confidence and reduce anxiety of failure in writing.
•	Created special handouts, study guides and assessments to evaluate and boost student knowledge.
•	Spearheaded one-on-one 25- or 50-minute session on their selected tasks such as brainstorming, thesis statements, structure, citation, and grammar.
•	Spearheaded group tutoring sessions to help students struggling in similar areas.
•	Administered feedback to students using positive reinforcement techniques to encourage and build confidence.
•	Utilized exceptional writing, editing and proofreading skills to produce engaging and error-free content.
•	Conducted class visits to English and Communication courses to promote the Writing Center.


[Odegaard]: https://depts.washington.edu/owrc/
[Bellevue]: https://www.bellevuecollege.edu/asc/writing/
[Des Moines]: https://writingcenter.highline.edu
